TELCODOCS-643: Addition of workers to existing SNO cluster with ZTP (#50251)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ztp-worker-node-applying-du-profile.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// Epic CNF-5335 (4.11), Story TELCODOCS-643
// scalability_and_performance/ztp-deploying-disconnected.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="ztp-additional-worker-apply-du-profile_{context}"]
= Applying profiles to the worker node
include::../_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]

You can configure the additional worker node with a DU profile.

> The expanded SNO cluster with a distributed unit (DU) profile is provisioned using the `PolicyGenTemplate` resources partitioned into common, group, and site-specific manifests. The Git repository for SNO that is linked to the ArgoCD `policies` application includes the following files:

Reviewer: Please consider replacing "The Git repository" ->  "The ZTP Gitops"

Author: @nwaizer Changed to "GitOps ZTP pipeline" to stay consistent with the name in our published docs (e.g. [Installing the GitOps ZTP pipeline](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.11/scalability_and_performance/ztp-deploying-disconnected.html#ztp-installing-the-gitops-ztp-pipeline_ztp-deploying-disconnected)

> The expanded SNO cluster with a distributed unit (DU) profile is provisioned using the `PolicyGenTemplate` resources partitioned into common, group, and site-specific manifests. The GitOps ZTP pipeline for SNO that is linked to the ArgoCD `policies` application includes the following files:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can apply a RAN distributed unit (DU) profile to the worker node cluster using the ZTP GitOps common, group, and site-specific `PolicyGenTemplate` resources. The GitOps ZTP pipeline that is linked to the ArgoCD `policies` application includes the following CRs that you can find in the `out/argocd/example/policygentemplates` folder when you extract the `ztp-site-generate` container:
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// Epic CNF-5335 (4.11), Story TELCODOCS-643
// scalability_and_performance/ztp-deploying-disconnected.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT

> [id="ztp-additional-worker-apply-du-profile"]

Reviewer 3: _{context}

= Applying profiles to the worker node
include::../_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
//:context: additional-worker-sno

You can configure the additional worker node with a DU profile.

> The expanded SNO with a DU profile is provisioned using the `PolicyGenTemplate` resources partitioned into common, group, and site-specific manifests. The Git repository for SNO that is linked to the ArgoCD `policies` application includes the following files:

Reviewer 3: SNO cluster? SNO is already spelled out in the previous module, but DU is new here. Consider spelling out the first instance.
